Ali Akbar users now try again the third try the video
hinzubekommen
Unfortunately, the attacker was not saved even in office
we just wanted to introduce you today to the Efkon fresh
it is probably a French name
and by the year it is such an interaction
the mirror are from World of Goo and so can rog we want you the game
Now imagine that Wulff von Chillingo like you here
released
However, the copyright is subject to revenue other developers
the uniVersa app costs 2 39 who owns only one iPhone can also give you one
iphone app
download for 79 cents
yes love to a beautiful music in the background which is not considered more of that
Fund becomes
Overall, you give three worlds
by a fourth already announced with serious the world in total
20 levels per world
and we're going to talk again just one thing falls in and go now
in the 17th
m where dollars arrived when playing
and you can already see many a black one eye
There are three here each
of that percent again 4 5 around here
Move next to the room and see an exit that you see here l in blue
and so for Uschi, for example, let such an animal step here
How Waiglein friend Jan can top that
to collect then for example the 2 things here
nobody can be here
Do not get the momentum, you have to make everything out of it because you are here at the level
Beginning is
and that's what we're trying to do again by telling the little friend just now
the right here under Struck test one can namely change the world so
with the fingers as you like so we would like but you can here
build meticulously
and always grab us here
and leaders did that and we both collected it
and if you come back from OWL Creek then that will be solved and you will fall
down
and this one here is a catapult suite this time here among us
Close up and down and we have reached the exit and the level
passed
everything has been collected very quickly in time
a minibus and then there are already here you can also be good times
that you want the worlds so much and can build gorges
just by her
with your finger
Ronja down to the top down
Of course we want to get down here
Now we want our friend
Schlat times
so we commented on that as well that was natural
not so good is caught on several trap tapped underdog
only residents so eyes left
So the levels are not easy therefore, of course at the beginning, but already resting in the
Of course it does not get any easier afterwards
and sometimes that's not the case here for the Austermann
there would be more
who want to collect their points
the stuff
I have to go again
and try to get over it with a little momentum, because of course that's all
You do not have to be that easy
to try
Now a let down another level before her pitiful failure
under special chapter 2 so section two already unlocked then
already SID 12 40
collected these points
Look there was one
Damir Latvia I do not have to be so difficult
and so she can get a new paper again
that's probably going to take the lead here
As you can see we are now at night and ours
Friend blooms a bit
Bammer sheikh
yes, that's exactly how it is
MJA we're doing a repeat
and we also put them over in the maybe that will
Let us world together
Files exactly that fits
let us have this one here now
and we want to turn over there right now so we just move
again here and have
on this catapult and close us again about our one so too
still the
three lights and star rows or dots actually
and make another finish on their fronts
why free now
one did not have to be like that
fit very well
and shoot and they managed Building Authority Werner Zeller
Rain continues
There is also this one in the left his subjects game bitten
also static ropes
they can not be changed in length then come here of course
However, goals do want to have them, even if they have animals as their living endpoint
and allow and fit in London Suppan also look normal
Bonus points
yes that would probably be the more meaningful
he aims to land at the middle of the World Cup so roughly and now we grab ourselves
here again
and look
as the whole thing expressed Lehmann it went after all dogs
one
which we are right
he closes this fair again
Once anchored there, we'll swap it again
and shoot up again we had not planned at the time
will like
as well as Frank on the top right
they let him go again
League perfect
and soon it will be
she told Hamilton
Okay, it did not turn off, but it's low tide and shoot
let's go up here
yes, he has not found it yet
the helm again
and second, we want new ones
yes it is not quite as easy as you have to
yes, bring a little patience
and so that you can do it exactly
now a party would not have to be back
Take care of the closure too high and have made ours
gradually, of course, new percentages come in, for example
of this this percent yes this catapult on it puts on
and you go away
on in ready meal i have fun
for 2 31 as a universal app in any case only buy recommendation also who only one
iPhone has as you can see is that he looks dangerous unbeatable
other countries have already been announced and
World of Goo Mark who is on Castrop market here because the holiday fun there
Of course, such a small interaction is completely new
the threads definitely Asus percent worth a dollar
and make recommendation and wish you much fun playing